so hello everybody last thing from
parcels
columbia jacket perhaps show
I can not fully but show the quality
I will show everything else but completely on
picture because it does not fit warehouse
just all she is so hefty
heavy enough about the jacket come out
one and a half kilograms of weight there is a hood
Here is the materials of Tory Columbia
titanium insert a picture show how he
works that is, it does not skip over
lava and vice versa is passed from below that is
so good further inside we go
sweater so fleece here show
texture principle can be seen here so he
the strap comes off
Closed Columbia Icon
keeps well and inside just
thin jacket out of it here
she's the same here
nets for cards and all that is she
It turns out such a thin two layers and
all but due to this sweater it
warm enough it turns out and tight and
but soft of course
here everything is tacked on
adjustable customize you may want a
that's just that picture of the material
it’s clear that he’s letting in the cold
heat does not let raid
misses given from below there is such
Thing to adjust is necessary generally at all
jacket cool she came at all on
size larger than planned ie
minus have to go look
either give out or wear this well
I don't know what he will come up with
outside I will show the color dark blue with gray
so generally a cool jacket and the price of
his principle is acceptable further here on
sleeves too cuff movie velcro can
adjust written titania
on the sleeve in front is written simply
columbia sportswear
company further various pockets here
for example , you know hands fold that is
no pocket no bottom pile so here top
below the chest in general everything else is the kind I
show in the picture in principle she
Looks good I will throw the link to the whole
a jacket
so you can order one too
but note that the size must be taken less
On one most likely exactly all thanks
subscribe to subscribe to the channel
aliexpress will soon have a lot of goods
and there will be a new order for taobao see you